feat: add `blas/ext/index-of` (#7565)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/index-of/README.md

var idx = out.get();
// returns 1
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **x**: input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].
-   **searchElement**: element in an input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] for which to find an index. May be either a scalar value or an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having a [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] same as the data type of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. If provided a scalar value, the value is cast to the data type of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. If provided an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], the value must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the complement of the shape defined by `options.dims`. For example, given the input shape `[2, 3, 4]` and `options.dims=[0]`, the search element [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the shape `[3, 4]`. Similarly, when performing the operation over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], the search element [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] must be a zero-dimensional [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

> -   **fromIndex**: index from which to begin searching (_optional_). May be either a scalar value or an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having an `integer` or `generic` [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. If provided an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], the value must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the complement of the shape defined by `options.dims`. For example, given the input shape `[2, 3, 4]` and `options.dims=[0]`, an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the shape `[3, 4]`. Similarly, when performing the operation over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must be a zero-dimensional [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. By default, the the index from which to begin searching is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **fromIndex**: index from which to begin searching (_optional_). May be either a scalar value or an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having an `integer` or `generic` [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. If provided an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], the value must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the complement of the shape defined by `options.dims`. For example, given the input shape `[2, 3, 4]` and `options.dims=[0]`, an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the shape `[3, 4]`. Similarly, when performing the operation over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must be a zero-dimensional [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. By default, the index from which to begin searching is `0`.
```

-   **options**: function options (_optional_).

The function accepts the following options:

> -   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. Must be an "integer_index_and_generic" [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. Must be an integer or generic [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].
```

```javascript
var array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/array' );
var ndarray2array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/to-array' );

// Create an input ndarray:
var x = array( [ [ -1.0, 2.0 ], [ -3.0, 4.0 ] ] );
// returns <ndarray>

var opts = {
    'dims': [ 0 ],
    'keepdims': true
};

// Find index:
var out = indexOf( x, -3.0, opts );
// returns <ndarray>

var idx = ndarray2array( out );
// returns [ [ 1, -1 ] ]
```

By default, the function returns an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having a [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] determined by the function's output data type [policy][@stdlib/ndarray/output-dtype-policies]. To override the default behavior, set the `dtype` option.

```javascript
var ndarray2array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/to-array' );
var dtype = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/dtype' );
var array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/array' );

var x = array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ] );

var idx = indexOf( x, 2.0, {

>     'dtype': 'generic'

Author: ```suggestion
    'dtype': 'int32'
```

});
// returns <ndarray>

var dt = dtype( idx );

> // returns 'generic'

Author: ```suggestion
// returns 'int32'
```

var bool = ( out === y );
// returns true
```

The method has the following parameters:

-   **x**: input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].
-   **searchElement**: element in an input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] for which to find an index. May be either a scalar value or an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having a [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] same as the data type of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. If provided a scalar value, the value is cast to the data type of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. If provided an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], the value must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the complement of the shape defined by `options.dims`. For example, given the input shape `[2, 3, 4]` and `options.dims=[0]`, the search element [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the shape `[3, 4]`. Similarly, when performing the operation over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] initial value must be a zero-dimensional [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

> -   **fromIndex**: index from which to begin searching (_optional_). May be either a scalar value or an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having an `integer` or `generic` [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. If provided an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], the value must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the complement of the shape defined by `options.dims`. For example, given the input shape `[2, 3, 4]` and `options.dims=[0]`, an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the shape `[3, 4]`. Similarly, when performing the operation over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must be a zero-dimensional [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. By default, the the index from which to begin searching is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **fromIndex**: index from which to begin searching (_optional_). May be either a scalar value or an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having an `integer` or `generic` [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. If provided an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], the value must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the complement of the shape defined by `options.dims`. For example, given the input shape `[2, 3, 4]` and `options.dims=[0]`, an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must have a shape which is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with the shape `[3, 4]`. Similarly, when performing the operation over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor], an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] containing the index from which to begin searching must be a zero-dimensional [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. By default, the index from which to begin searching is `0`.
```

-   **out**: output [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. Must have an `integer` or `generic` [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].
-   **options**: function options (_optional_).

The method accepts the following options:

-   **dims**: list of dimensions over which to perform operation. If not provided, the function performs the operation over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   Both functions iterate over [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] elements according to the memory layout of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. Accordingly, performance degradation is possible when operating over multiple dimensions of a large non-contiguous multi-dimensional input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. In such scenarios, one may want to copy an input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] to contiguous memory before computing the cumulative sum.

Author: ```suggestion
-   Both functions iterate over [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] elements according to the memory layout of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. Accordingly, performance degradation is possible when operating over multiple dimensions of a large non-contiguous multi-dimensional input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. In such scenarios, one may want to copy an input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] to contiguous memory before searching for an index.
```

> -   Both functions iterate over [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] elements according to the memory layout of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. Accordingly, performance degradation is possible when operating over multiple dimensions of a large non-contiguous multi-dimensional input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. In such scenarios, one may want to copy an input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] to contiguous memory before computing the cumulative sum.

Reviewer: Copy-paste error. We are not computing the cumulative sum.
